minor errors (#19)
rootstrap/apple_auth: README.md

Everyone interacting in the AppleAuth project's codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/[USERNAME]/apple_auth/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## Demo

> You can found a full implementation of the gem in this demo [here](https://github.com/rootstrap/apple-sign-in-rails).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find a full implementation of this gem in [this demo](https://github.com/rootstrap/apple-sign-in-rails).
```
